{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}}\f0\fs22 Sterling Tier 2 RTF export for Client Intake & Conflicts. Workspace tag INTAKE. Focus: new business intake, conflicts, and ethics walls. Sterling & Vale LLP internal reference — segment 0 regarding new business intake, conflicts, and ethics walls. Partners and associates must align work product with the engagement letter, matter code, and workspace retention labels before circulation outside the firm. Matter teams should calendar internal checkpoints at days 3, 7, and 11 from file opening for quality review, unless the client protocol specifies otherwise. Document naming: use SVL-[matter]-[doctype]-[version]; avoid client names in filenames on shared drives. Escalation: contact the practice group leader when exposure estimates exceed the matter budget band or when regulatory correspondence arrives from a new agency not listed in the intake form. Sterling & Vale LLP internal reference — segment 4 regarding new business intake, conflicts, and ethics walls. Partners and associates must align work product with the engagement letter, matter code, and workspace retention labels before circulation outside the firm. Matter teams should calendar internal checkpoints at days 15, 35, and 55 from file opening for quality review, unless the client protocol specifies otherwise. Document naming: use SVL-[matter]-[doctype]-[version]; avoid client names in filenames on shared drives. Escalation: contact the practice group leader when exposure estimates exceed the matter budget band or when regulatory correspondence arrives from a new agency not listed in the intake form. Sterling & Vale LLP internal reference — segment 8 regarding new business intake, conflicts, and ethics walls. Partners and associates must align work product with the engagement letter, matter code, and workspace retention labels before circulation outside the firm. Matter teams should calendar internal checkpoints at days 27, 63, and 99 from file opening for quality review, unless the client protocol specifies otherwise.}